#   Voting System / Capstone - Group 3

- 08/02/2020 : Scrum meeting - 2
- Media: Discord Channel.

##  Developer Reports

###  AJ Turner, Maggie Macfadyen, Shane Clegg,  Zhaozhong QI

-   Activity/accomplishments since last scrum
    -   UML class diagram design. Screen out of a best draft for the voting system based on suggestions
    -   Code structure design consistent of UML Class diagram
    -   Design patterns going to be used
    -   Persistent data of store, using **hibernate** connection of database or **.json** or **.csv**
    -   Adding more possible issues on Sprint_1, Burndown charts's populate
    -   One more scrum meetings' agenda

-   Planned activity before next scrum
    -   Objective discussion: Design patterns, program structure, and UML class modificate.
    -   Newest work division, front-end, back-end, hibernate structure promotion task assigning.
    -   More issues come up before Sprint_1 official meetings.
    -   Last scrum meetings' agenda

-   Obstacles/Issues
    -   UML classes modification
    -   Database tables coupling
    -   Proposition Entity correlate to each Voters

##  Issues

-   Started since last scrum:
    -   Adding issues for Sprint_1
    -   Design patterns
    -   Way of store Persistent data
    -   Figure out Issues and milestone setting up for the project

-   Completed since last scrum:
    -   Adding issues for Sprint_1
        -   Close? Y
    -   Design patterns
        -   Close? Y
    -   Way of store Persistent data
        -   Close? Y
    -   Figure out Issues and milestone setting up for the project
        -   Close? Y

-   Any removed from backlog?
    -  For UML Class for the back-end, we are basically working on connect everything together through the joint and mapping tables. So far we made a nice progress on building the back-end part for the system, but we still need working on building a better coupling and it comes up the issues between VoterEntity and PropositionEntity. We will trying to resolve such issues and do as much as we can about the design the structure of the Voting system that includes the front-end, back-end and logic-layer before Sprint_1 Meeting.

-   Any added to backlog? Why?
    -  So far we make a good fundamental of the back-end structure, but once we find if there exists somewhere need to be updated or promoted, we will do and try to implement a better formate of the UML Class diagram.

##  Other topics

-   Logic-layer Design
