#   Voting System / Capstone - Group 3

- 08/11/2020 : Sprint_2 Scrum meeting 3 (Scrum meeting 6)
- Media: Discord Channel.

##  Developer Reports

###  AJ Turner, Maggie Macfadyen, Shane Clegg,  Zhaozhong QI

-   Activity/accomplishments since last scrum
    -   Create a table of Voter ballot that being able to record Voter's vote
    -   Rebuild the class diagram to pair with our voting system
    -   Create New Ballot Functionality: Implement Create Ballot functionality, supprot with muptuple race and prososition creating at the same time
    -   Create New Ballot Functionality: when creating a new ballot, delete the existing one first

-   Planned activity before next scrum
    -   Talk about the progress before we head to the Sprint2 last meeting.
    -   Fix titlePane of Ballot.fxml, make it support with more proposition and candidates within the same page, 
    Right now it supports with only few proposition and candidates shown properly.
    -   Talk about plan for the presentaion on August 13th.
    -   Close as many as issues that we could, trying to make every efforts to implement all the user story as far as a real-Voting System.

-   Obstacles/Issues
    -   Make VoterBallot table connect with Voters, and BallotEntity
    -   (Last Priority): Record Voter's choices and their selection for a single ballot of each of them.
    -   Create Document and slides that prepare for the presentation on August 13th.
    -   Make UI page of Ballot.fxml fits, that could be able to include all Candidates, Races, Proposition of the current Ballot has.

##  Issues

-   Started since last scrum:
    -   Front-end: a voter to later view their recorded vote to confirm that it was recorded correctly
    -   Implement the submit button functionality
    -   Fix the database relationship between each tables that pair with UML class diagram
    -   Requirement issues: A non-technical person must be able to create the ballot for a new election.
    -   Complete front end functionality
    
-   Completed since last scrum:
    -   Implement the submit button functionality
        -   Close? Y
    -   Requirement issues: A non-technical person must be able to create the ballot for a new election.
        -   Close? Y
    -   Complete most of all front end functionality
        -   Close? Pending
    -   Front-end: a voter to later view their recorded vote to confirm that it was recorded correctly
        -   Close? N
    -   Fix the database relationship between each tables that pair with UML class diagram
        -   Close? Pending
        
-   Any removed from backlog?

    -   Fix the database relationship between each tables that pair with UML class diagram
        -   We created a table: VoterBallot, it connects with table between VoterEntity and Ballot. We would trying to add two columns for recording the votes of each proposition and also for candidates of races.

-   Any added to backlog? Why?

    -   Complete functionality of Voting System:
        -   Make all functionality work: Register an Account as a Voters, a Election Official, and a (Auditor ?). Login as a Voter, Election Official. 
        The Voter could be able to votes and review their votes, and Election official could be create a new ballot.
        
    -   Finish the merge conflicts between each branches and staging.

##  Other topics

-   Meeting agenda for last scrum meeting 
-   Presenstation, Documents.