#   Voting System / Capstone - Group 3

- 08/04/2020 : Scrum meeting - 3
- Media: Discord Channel.

##  Developer Reports

###  AJ Turner, Maggie Macfadyen, Shane Clegg,  Zhaozhong QI

-   Activity/accomplishments since last scrum
    -   Objective discussion: Design patterns, program structure, and UML class modificate.
    -   Newest work division, front-end, back-end, hibernate structure promotion task assigning.
    -   More issues come up before Sprint_1 official meetings.
    -   Last scrum meetings' agenda

-   Planned activity before next scrum (The next scrum will be into milestone Sprint_2)
    -   Database & Back-end Construction
    -   Front-end prototype & draft progress
    -   Back-end, connection between table BallotEntity and PropositionEntity, coupling of databases tables
    -   Spring_1 offcially meeting contents
    -   Agenda of Spring_1 officially meeting

-   Obstacles/Issues
    -   UML classes completely concatenate with code
    -   Logic-Layer implementing
    -   Front-end implementing
    -   Create issues for Sprint_2 in milestone

##  Issues

-   Started since last scrum:
    -  Database & Back-end Construction
    -  Promotion of the backend
    -  Make database table connection (UML class showing)
    -  Make the front-end prototype

-   Completed since last scrum:
    -   Database & Back-end Construction
        -   Close? Y
    -   Promotion of the backend
        -   Close? Y
    -   Make database table connection(UML Class digram showing)
        -   Close? Y
    -   Make the front-end prototype
        -   Close? Pending until the next Sprint

-   Any removed from backlog?
    -   Database & Back-end Construction

-   Any added to backlog? Why?
    -   Making the front-end prototype.
       -   Since we have only three people was able to join in this meeting, we decided planning to make more discussion of the progress of prototype design of the frond-end to the next Scrum meetings in Sprint_2

##  Other topics

-   Meeing Agenda and plan for next Sprint: Sprint_2
