#   Voting System / Capstone - Group 3

- 07/31/2020 : Scrum meeting - 1
- Media: Discord Channel.

##  Developer Reports

###  AJ Turner, Maggie Macfadyen, Shane Clegg,  Zhaozhong QI

-   Activity/accomplishments since last scrum
    -   Project in-depth knowledge, get more familiar with the Voting system
    -   First draft design of UML Class Diagram
    -   Upcoming Scrum meetings setting up, at August 2nd evening
    -   First work division, everybody works on UML design and give basically recommendation at the next coming up meeting

-   Planned activity before next scrum
    -   UML class diagram design. Screen out of a best draft for the voting system based on suggestions
    -   Code structure design consistent of UML Class diagram
    -   Design patterns going to be used
    -   Persistent data of store, using **hibernate** connection of database or **.json** or **.csv**
    -   Adding more issues on Sprint_1
    -   More division of working based on issues and plans
    -   Burndown charts's using
    -   One more scrum meetings' agenda

-   Obstacles/Issues
    -   UML Class diagram design
    -   Issues and milestone setting up
    -   Burndown chart's populate
    -   Structure of based on structure of UML
    -   Best way of storing persistent data

##  Issues

-   Started since last scrum:
    -   Realizable of the project's objects from different perspectives(would be reference more in the next scrum meeting)
    -   Certain Meeting agendas for everyone
    -   Time struggle between Exam's days
    -   First step of design of Project

-   Completed since last scrum:
    -   Realizable of the project's objects from different perspectives(would be reference more in the next scrum meeting)
        -   Close? Y
    -   Certain Meeting agendas for everyone
        -   Close? Y
    -   Time struggle between Exam's days
        -   Close? Y
    -   First step of design of Project
        -   Close? Y
-   Any removed from backlog?
        - Temporary nothing.
-   Any added to backlog? Why?
    -  Burndown chart's and Issues setting up within milestone. We are green hands in git-lab so we probably need to discuss more how to setting up issues and populate milestone within next scrum meeting.

##  Other topics

-   Best design patterns, Milestone's setting up, future plan should be done before Spring_1 officially meeting.
